2018.7.14(Very Important): Finally, the resolution and graphic card problem of my ubuntu16.04 is solved.
It's really frustrating for having Nvidia independent graphic card togther with Intel intergrated graphic card on my laptop.
Follow the instruction here when you cannot login with out the recovery mood: 
https://blog.csdn.net/kilotwo/article/details/79258107
And if you meet the problem of login loop, please refer to here: 
https://blog.csdn.net/ssmixi/article/details/73483795
And when you install the drvier, remember that you should not update(or something like that) the kernel and do not adpat the X server.
After that, for use the intel graphic card without Nvidia one, you need to install the bumblee-Nvidia to switch between the graphic cards.

2018.7.14(Important): Solved the source problem with aliyun
It's not in China, so gedit the /etc/apt/source.list file and delete aliyun sources
or there would be unmet dependency error when you do apt-get xxx things.
Add -f after the apt-get to get through this problem
For more details, please refer to https://askubuntu.com/questions/140246/how-do-i-resolve-unmet-dependencies-after-adding-a-ppa.
 
2018.7.23(Very Important): When constructing the connection between computer(desktop or laptop) and the robot (jackal), you need to edit the /etc/hosts file and add "192.168.0.1 jackal" (Host IP and Host name) to it except for edit the ~/.bashrc file. Or your computer won't accept the message coming from the robot.

2018.7.25(Daily):Review pointcloud registration method such as 4PCS and Super4PCS, they are the improvement version of RANSAC (which has o(n^3) complexity according to the paper). 
4PCS:o(n^2), use the stable affine transformation property for 4 points set. It's really robust to noise.
Super4PCS:o(n), improve 4PCS by using the intelligent indexing strategy so its efficiency is literally awesome. It applys the quatra-tree and angle-distance hash stuff according to the paper. Reviewer of 3DV2018 said it shall be the baseline of my algorithm so I' will try it on a bit more large scale point clouds.

2018.7.26(Daily):Tuning the parameters of Google Cartographer really sucks but I've sloved a part of them, at less the fact that Jackal can do basic mapping and localization around the lab and corridor. The problem is mainly due to the rotation, the absence of IMU and the failure of loop closure detection.

2018.7.27(Daily):Try to configure the GPS RTK on jackal. A lot of stuffs to done. For details of the setup of GPS and RTK, please refer to the formal document and the experiment log given by Noal. Noal is a awesome guy, I will miss him.
Besides, I fork the personal website of Zhangyixiao to construct my own website. I suppose it's not a plagrisim or something like that. Anyway, thanks, Zhang yixiao.
